I opted to separate adding the Spring Data dependency and the
MySQL dependency into separate exercises,
and this was to clearly differentiate that the JDBC driver has
nothing to do with the Spring libraries.
We are going to use the parent POM to pull in the correct
version of this transitive dependency.
But if you weren't using MySQL,
this is also where you would choose something else like Postgres
or Hypersonic, H2, Derby, some of the Oracle drivers or SQL
Server drivers. So completely separate.
We have our JPA libraries and then the JDBC driver that
talks to the database that we are utilizing. So let's add this library in now.